Add functions for generic OpenAPI CRUD handling (#644)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: CODING_GUIDELINES.md

When the tenant context is not needed (system administration calls), we just pass `nil` as `additionalHeader`.

## Generic CRUD functions for OpenAPI entity implementation

Generic CRUD functions are used to minimize boilerplate for entity implementation in the SDK. They
might not always be the way to go when there are very specific operation needs as it is not worth

> having a generic function for single use case. In such cases, low level API client function set,
> that is located in `openapi.go` can help to perform such operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
having a generic function for every possibility. In such cases, the low level API client function set,
which is located in `openapi.go` should be used to perform such operations.
```

Author: Fixed.

  contain additional fields.

Here are the entities mapped in the example below: 

* `DistributedFirewall` is the **`outer`** type
* `types.DistributedFirewallRules` is the **`inner`** type (specified in
  `DistributedFirewall.DistributedFirewallRuleContainer` field)
* `client` field contains the client that is required for perfoming API operations
* `VdcGroup` field contains additional data (VDC Group reference) that is required for
implementation of this particular entity

```go
type DistributedFirewall struct {
	DistributedFirewallRuleContainer *types.DistributedFirewallRules
	client                           *Client
	VdcGroup                         *VdcGroup
}
```

#### crudConfig

A special type `govcd.crudConfig` is used for passing configuration to both - `inner` and `outer`
generic CRUD functions. It also has an internal `validate()` method, which is called upon execution
of any `inner` and `outer` CRUD functions.

See documentation of `govcd.crudConfig` for the options it provides.

### Use cases

The main consideration when to use which functions depends on whether one is dealing with `inner`
types or `outer` types. Both types can be used for quicker development.

> Usually, `outer` type is used for a full featured entity (e.g. `IpSpace`, `NsxtEdgeGateway`), while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, the `outer` type is used for a full featured entity (e.g. `IpSpace`, `NsxtEdgeGateway`), while
```

`inner` suits cases where one needs to perform operations on an already existing or a read-only
entity.

> **Hint:** return value of your entity method will always hint whether it is `inner` or `outer` one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hint:** the return value of your entity method will always hint whether it is `inner` or `outer` one:
```

Author: Fixed

`inner` type function signature example (returns `*types.VdcNetworkProfile`):

```
func (adminVdc *AdminVdc) UpdateVdcNetworkProfile(vdcNetworkProfileConfig *types.VdcNetworkProfile) (*types.VdcNetworkProfile, error) {
```

`outer` type function signature example (returns `*IpSpace`):

```
func (vcdClient *VCDClient) CreateIpSpace(ipSpaceConfig *types.IpSpace) (*IpSpace, error) {
```

#### inner CRUD functions

> The entities that match below criteria are usually going to use `inner` crud functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entities that match the criteria below are usually going to use `inner` crud functions:
```

Author: Fixed.

* API property manipulation with separate API endpoints for an already existing entity (e.g. VDC
  Network Profiles `Vdc.UpdateVdcNetworkProfile`)
* Read only entities (e.g. NSX-T Segment Profiles `VCDClient.GetAllIpDiscoveryProfiles`)

> Inner types are more simple as they can be directly used without any additional overhead. There are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inner types are simpler as they can be directly used without any additional overhead. There are
```

Author: Fixed.

7 functions that can be used:

* `createInnerEntity`
* `updateInnerEntity`
* `updateInnerEntityWithHeaders`
* `getInnerEntity`
* `getInnerEntityWithHeaders`
* `deleteEntityById`
* `getAllInnerEntities`

Existing examples of the implementation are:

* `Vdc.GetVdcNetworkProfile`
* `Vdc.UpdateVdcNetworkProfile`
* `Vdc.DeleteVdcNetworkProfile`
* `VCDClient.GetAllIpDiscoveryProfiles`

#### outer CRUD functions

> The entities, that implement complete management of a VCD entity will usually rely on `outer` CRUD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entities that implement complete management of a VCD entity will usually rely on `outer` CRUD
```

Author: Fixed.

> functions. Any `outer` type *must* implement `wrap` method (example signature provided below). It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions. Any `outer` type *must* implement the `wrap` method (example signature provided below). It is
```

Author: Fixed.

> required to satisfy generic interface constraint (so that generic functions are able to wrap `inner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required to satisfy the generic interface constraint (so that generic functions are able to wrap `inner`
```

Author: Fixed.
